When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

If you are collaborating with other people, or are using a public computer, or generally don't trust your hard drive, it can be usefule to use a remote repository.  

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If you are working on something simultaneously with someone else, whoever didn't finish first might lose their work or otherwise make unintended changes if it was done automatically.  

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A fork will make a copy of another user's repository on github and will create a new repository on your own account, also on github.  No local copy will be made.  Forking also allows github to keep track of the presence of the fork, and gives credit to the original repository.

A clone will take a repository on either github or your local machine, and it will make a copy of that repository on your local machine.  

A branch makes a copy of the files of a repository, but it is still *in* the same repository.  

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It allows conflicts to be merged from either Github -> local or local -> Github.  Instead of overwriting whatever was done from the last push / pull, the conflicts are merged instead.  This is extremely helpful for collaboration.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Google docs or email would probably be the two things that come to mind.  For google docs, live updates would be easier, and for email, you need less of a knowledge base to use it. However, for google docs, you wouldn't be able to work offline, and you may not be able to use the desired file types (and editors); for email, you would need to keep track of who did what manually, which would be significantly more work.